## Im going to collage!

#### 17. Jul 2024.

Holly shit, this still feels unreal but I'm actually going to collage. Anyway in Croatia you need to pass like a national exam thing at the end of highschool (Državna matura) and I failed Croatian on that exam. I was quite a bad student back in highschool and especially in croatian language which I barely passed every year. That's why I failed in the first place and after that I kind of just never really thought about collage since I didn't think I could do it; pass croatian language exam...

After listening to all the cool things my friends in IT collage are learning I couldn't resist any more and just had to fucking do it. I contacted a proffesor from my highschool and he helped me soo much, after few months of learning, I passed the exam and was able to enroll in almost any collage in Croatia. I chose IT in Zadar and somehow actually had good enough grades to get in.

I still don't think I can express how hyped I am right now and I still can't belive that I did it, I passed the exam and got into collage. Though it starts in October so I'll need to wait a bit now which is kind of anoyng...

Though waiting won't be boring for sure because I also got a motorcycle licence and will soon get my first motorcycle!

Damn, everything is so perfect now that I just don't know what to say... Like all the little pieces fell right into theyr place now after soo much struggling, stress and hard work...

Also its soooo cool that I'm not alone on this journey, my beautifull girlfriend is with me too for well over a year at this point, btw.. she will be going to the same collage with me now.

:)
