## Writing again

#### 10. Dec 2024.

I'm finally writing again, as you can see in last post I have again completely changed how this page works, probably for the 100th time. Articles are no longer stored in database, but as markdown files in git repo which are then dinamically rendered server side to this page. In future I will probabli make it prerender first 10 or so articles
and then load more as you scroll, but not not... Anyway its achtually more simple than ever for me to write now so hopefully I will finaly write more lol, also I don't work anymore so I have much more time...

I’m finally writing again! As you can not see, I’ve completely changed backend for this website again. Pretty sure this is like the 100th time or something. Now instead of having articles in database, I just save them as markdown files in a Git repo, and they get rendered on the server to create static page. In the future, I will make it prerender first 10 posts or whatever and then load more when you scroll, but for now this works... It’s never been easier for me to write, so hopefully, I’ll actually keep up with it this time. Also, I don’t work anymore, so I’ve got way more time now.

### What I've been up to lately...

My last day of work was November 30th, 2024, and I’m still kinda getting used to not having to wake up early and go to work every day. Lately, I’ve just been enjoying life—going to college, doing [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/), and messing around with side projects. This year, I really wanna finish AoC. Last year, I didn’t even bother trying because I was too busy, and in 2022, I gave up after just a few days. So far this year, the only day that was really hard was Day 9, Part 2. Some of my solutions are trash, but nothing’s been too hard yet.

### Random note...

I got some 50/50 tires for my motorcycle and took it off-road. I went on some simple gravel roads and even hit up a motocross track. Obviously, I wasn’t doing any jumps or crazy stuff, but just riding over the bumps and obstacles was so much fun. I can’t even explain how good it felt. From now on, I think I’m gonna lean way more into off-road and adventure riding. Supermoto on the road is awesome, but off-road is just on another level.

This is it for now... I will post some pictures of my bike soon...
