## Don't miss it

#### Originally written (5. Feb 2025.) - Today: 27. Feb 2025.

This is just a script for post I wrote late at night, I haven't checked it now before posting it... It may be unclear or could have errors which will be fixed in future.

<br/>

_"Life moves pretty fast. You don't stop and look around every once in a while; you could miss it."_

<br/>

I recently heard this quote and accidentally, I just kinda felt it last night; I almost never go anywhere by foot. For as long as I can remember, I was always looking for some sort of transport, not because of laziness, but for fun. I've loved riding my bike as a kid, had a penny board and roller skates. In high school I firstly used a bus but quickly transitioned to an electric scooter. Even after getting my driver's license, I bought an MTB and loved it... <br/> Now having a motorcycle, bike, car, skateboard... It's almost impossible to not enjoy at least one of those every day, and I love it!

Tonight was different, though, kind of unplanned; I had to go home by foot. I put on my headphones and set my playlist to shuffle. I just randomly got a few really good synthwave songs in a row despite my diverse library of many genres. It was just so good, maybe even too good; it gave me time to think... This feeling, indescribable... It was quite **cold**, but it wasn't, it was really comfortable..., but cold. There was some wind as well, too weak to be a hassle but just enough to feel it. It wasn't too late yet everything was so quiet...

_Comfortable cold, wind, and the quiet. A nervous night._

It randomly reminded me of riding my skateboard on late summer nights at the end of high school for some reason... And as cheesy as all this sounds, the feeling was real; it sounds poetic, but I felt it. Then this thought popped into my head. I'm always in a hurry, always need to get somewhere, always need to do something. Even when 'chilling,' I'm going fast, thinking about what I need to do, taking a car instead of a bike because _'it's faster...'_ so I get somewhere quicker to do something that I need to do to not waste my limited time that's going away faster than I want it to. Even after quitting my job recently and saying I'll slow down a bit, have more time, and just chill, well, I definitely have much more time, and it's so good. I'm really enjoying it, but despite trying to convince myself..., I haven't really slowed down, and I just realized that.

I'm doing all the things I ever wanted, things I didn't have enough time for before, and I'm so happy about it. I always try to make the most of my day, be productive every second, and that's great; my time management skills are a thing to be discussed here, but that's not important right now. The point is that I'm still making the same mistake...

It's the invisible stress, a thing making us uncomfortable, angry, or sad, without any obvious signs... It clouds our vision so we don't see it. I don't see it right now because I'm free; I do what I want to do, but then I forget the reason why I want to do it. It's because even when I'm not doing it, I'm thinking about it. But if I just chase it for the sake of not missing it and don't allow myself to wonder about all the cool things I want to do in life, well, why do I even want to do them?

I used to think that if I don't do it, I'm missing it, but it's the opposite...
_**Focusing so much on always doing what you want and enjoy makes you really forget to actually appreciate even being able to do any of it.**_ Now, I'm not saying not to try; most of the time, you need to force yourself to go out, to do, and to get what you want; otherwise, you will probably spend your life sitting in front of your stupid phone.

_What I'm saying is stop focusing so much on chasing dreams without leaving any time to enjoy the chase._

<br/>

It may be hard, and this could be just an empty promise to myself, but I should really try to slow down again, at least for a little bit.
