## Hello again!

#### 19. May 2025.

Wow, I haven’t written in a while... again.

Anyway, I’ve got so much to talk about this time and I don’t even know where to start. So much has happened. Life’s really just great right now. Everything feels weirdly perfect, and I’m just vibing through college.

There was a hackathon organised by our university last week that I joined with a few of my colleagues including Nera (my girlfrend) and we ended up at a second place. I kinda bombed the presentation and the other team had a more polished product, but we still won a 5 day trip to Germany! Still wild to think about. There’s just so many opportunities lately, and a few more cool events are coming up soon. Damn, I’m gonna miss all this so much one day.

And biggest news? I got a job. It’s a 6-month contract at Cognism as a Data Administrator. Basically, I just reply to DSARs (don't feel like explaing what it is, look it up on the internet...). It’s super repetitive and kinda boring, but I'm not complaining. It’s my first IT job, it’s remote, and I can work whenever I want. Been doing it for about a month and a half now and it still doesn’t feel like a real job; which is perfect, because I really just wanted to enjoy this first year of college without stressing too much. So yeah, it’s great. I make some money on the side and still have a ton of free time. And summer’s about to be awesome! College is nearly over, and I’ve got summer break coming up. I can literally do whatever I want, go anywhere, work remote whenever and for how long I want.

Next year, I’ll definitely start looking for a programming job in IT, but for now? This setup is perfect.

Anyway, about this summer, I'm planning to hit the road on my motorcycle. Hopefully my 125cc Yamaha holds up, haha. Not planning to go too far, but maybe, just maybe if I manage to save up and sell the Yamaha, I’ll get a brand new Honda CRF300L by the end of summer. The thing is... as cool as supermoto is, I’ve been to this motocross track and plenty of dirt roads around the city, and man... it’s just so much fun!

There’s probably more I could write, but I think I’ll leave it here for now.
